thank you for joining us we begin in
Northern Gaza where at least 23
Palestinians working to distribute Aid
have been killed by an Israeli air
strike war planes struck near the
Kuwait's roundabout where supplies for
the north are distributed the
intersection is on the Saladin Road a
main road linking northern and southern
Gaza there have been several attacks on
Palestinians seeking Aid at the same
location last month Israeli forces
opened fire on a crowd there killing a
118 people seeking food and Israeli Army
has also shelled a un Warehouse meant to
receive humanitarian Aid in jabalia in
Northern Gaza at least two people
working in the building were killed the
facility Was preparing to receive trucks
carrying desperately needed Aid intended
for people in the area well let's get an
update on the situation in Gaza and
speak to Al jazer hanim Mahmud who's in
Rafa for us hany tell us first uh about
this attack on the aid workers at the
Kuwait roundabout what do know
happened yes well another Ed tragedy
just took place at early hours of last
night at the Kuwaiti traffic circle on
Salah Road where 24 people been
confirmed killed by Al hospital as they
were transferred all the way from
salahadin Road into the central part of
Gaza City where alahi hospital is
located a very small size hospital with
limited uh capacity uh we were told
there are still more people on the roads
among the injuries as the attack was
massive and it not only destroyed the 80
trucks and the people who were gathering
at this point but also the vicinity of
the area including public uh facilities
uh this is not the first time we' seen
direct and deliberate attacks on
humanitarian aided trucks or on people
who are gathering in large groups uh
given the fact that famine is spreading
widely in the northern part in Gaza City
and people for the most part are very
hungry meanwhile in jabali Refugee cam a
Distribution food uh point was targeted
and destroyed and we were told it is the
only one available in the northern part
of the Gaza City and it was set up in
the two days in which we seen 80 trucks
uh delivered into Northern par in Gaza
City in a smooth and a secure way way
that food distribution point was set up
for that purpose and now it has been
destroyed and honey what is the latest
you're hearing about uh the situation at
alifa hospital which has been under
siege by the Israelis with at least 50
people
killed yes well for the third day in a
row we're seeing this really military is
still operating aggressively inside the
shifa hospital and still conducting
these aggressive search from building to
building room to room as well as at the
vicinity of a shifa hospital that's
outside the fence of the hospital the
western part and the northern part of
the health facility in which it raided
uh the the mo the entire residential
buildings where three of them have been
destroyed by Massive air strikes as well
the reports of many people who are being
uh who were injured in those attacks and
many who were arrested in the mass
arrest conducted by the Israeli
military the fact right now what's going
on inside the hospital is extremely
difficult we're talking about entire
facility right now as it was recovering
step by step and started to provide a
basic treatment for the injuries is now
completely out of service the Israeli
military is still in SE that it is
operating inside the hospital based on
the uh the the intelligence information
it received of the the presence of of
operatives and Military inside the the
complex but without offering any
substantial uh evidence at the same time
while the Israeli military is still
storming the uh the uh the health
facility complex intense bombing
campaign continued to pound across the
Gaza Strip mainly in the central area
where more residential buildings have
been targeted and destroyed in both a n
refugee camp and a b refugee camp we
looking at a very large number of people
people have been killed honey thank you
very much for the update that's Al jazer
as honey mahmud's live there in Rafa in
southern Gaza and